bookletimposer
An utility to achieve some basic imposition on PDF documents
2010

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
% Source for man pages
%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%
% Configuration
%
%! Target :  man
%! Encoding: utf-8


=NAME=
**bookletimposer** - An utility to reorganize PDF pages


=SYNOPSIS=
**bookletimposer** [//options//] [//input-file//]

**bookletimposer** **-a** [//options//] //input-file//


=DESCRIPTION=
bookletimposer is an utility to achieve some basic imposition on PDF
documents, especially designed to work on booklets. 

It allows:

- to transform linear documents to booklets;
- to reduce a document to put many on one sheet (for tracts for example);
- to transform booklets to linear documents.

It is a free released under the GNU General Public License,
either version 3 or (at your option) any later version.

=OPTIONS=
: **--version**
show program's version number and exit


: **-h**, **--help**
show an help message and exit


: **-o** //OUTFILE//, **--output=**//OUTFILE//
sets output PDF file to //OUTFILE//


: **-a**, **--no-gui**
automatic converstion (don't show the user interface).
In that mode, the input file must be defined.


: **-i**, **--gui**
shows the user interface (default).


: **-b**, **--booklet**
makes a booklet


: **-l**, **--linearize**
convert a booklet to single pages


: **-n**, **--no-reorganisation**
don't do any reorganisation (will only scale and assemble pages)


: **-c** **--copy-pages**
copy the same group of input pages on one output page

: **-p** //PAGES_PER_SHEET//, **--pages-per-sheet=**//PAGES_PER_SHEET//
nombre de pages par feuille, au format
VERTICALxHORIZONTAL, par exemple 2x1


: **-f** //OUTPUT_FORMAT//, **--format=**//OUTPUT_FORMAT//
format de page de sortie, par exemple A4 ou A3R


=EXAMPLES=
: ``bookletimposer``
Displays the GTK+ user interface


: ``bookletimposer --no-gui --booklet --pages-per-sheet=2x1 --output=out.pdf in.pdf``
Converts in.pdf into a booklet with two pages per sheet an saves the 
result as out.pdf.


: ``bookletimposer --no-gui --linearise --pages-per-sheet=2x1 in.pdf``
Converts the two-pages-per-sheet booklet in.pdf into a page-by-page
PDF. As the output file name is not defined, it will default to in-conv.pdf.


=SEE ALSO=
pdfshuffler(1)


=KNOWN ISSUES=
BookletImposer is under developpment, which means that for the moment, some
things works, some others do not... Thanks to report bugs if you find some!
